# BalanceBeacon
A significant number of university students undergo academic stress while adjusting to the new academic and social environment at institutions. Prior research on academic stress among university students emphasises the distinct stressors that affect this group, including excessive coursework, financial challenges, and interpersonal relationship issues(Liang, Tatha and Andersen, 2020). A lack of a healthy balance between work and personal life is a significant factor that contributes to mental health problems and stress for many students

# Related Work Review
Enhancing well-being (WB) is recognised as a serious modern challenge characterised by anxiety, stress, intake of bad food, and decreased physical activity. The World Health Organisation promotes a complete health concept that includes physical, mental, and social well-being, rather than solely focusing on the absence of sickness or weakness (Levy, 2020). The acronym WB, denoting well-being, has challenges in terms of its precise definition, and specialists hold divergent views regarding its core constituents. One component generally referred to as PERMA, which includes five dimensions of well-being: positive emotion, engagement, connections, meaning, and achievement 

# Prevalence of Mental Health Problems among University Students
In recent years, there has been a growing focus on promoting mental health awareness and WB. It is a subject that many people would prefer to discuss or recognise. The study of (Fernandez and Anu, 2022)highlights that, prioritising one's mental health is crucial for their holistic well-being and the University students are a demographic that encounters several stressors that might impact their mental well-being. Managing their academic schedules, assignments, employment schedules, and social life may be challenging. Students may experience tension and worry when they find it challenging to uphold these duties. According to (Fernandez and Anu, 2022), Being a university level student comes with various responsibilities that one needs to manage. College individuals face the challenge of discovering their true selves while navigating potential career options. It can be quite stressful as it could impact the type of profession they will be engaged in soon. Moreover, these students are juggling their academic responsibilities, social activities, internships, and personal issues.

# Mobile Applications for student’s Mental Health and Well-being 
Researchers have been studying stress management strategies for decades, with relaxation, meditation, sleep, deep breathing, exercise, and yoga being particularly popular for their direct impact on stress levels. Websites, smartphone apps, and gadgets based on the Internet of Things have made these tactics accessible to people all over the globe. The concept of stress management also has enhanced technologically, since the world is more focused on technical progress than ever before(Chandrasiri et al., 2021).

The team of researchers Broglia, Millings and Barkham (2019), presents findings from a study that utilized a mobile well-being application and therapy to help students with anxiety or sadness, showing positive results in conjunction with university counselling services.
